Victory won’t e to me unless I go to it.
Other men live to eat， while I eat to live.
The brave and the wise can both pity and excuse，when cowards and fools shew no mercy.
Truth is the daughter of time.
You may be more happy than pinces，if you will be more virtuous.
Cunning proceeds from want of capacity. 
It is never too late to mend. 
There is no man so bad，but he secretly respects the good.
It's the easiest thing in the world for a man to deceive himself.
The sting of a reproach，is the truth of it.
A good fame is better than a good face.
TAll mankind are beholden to him that is kind to the good. 
Lost time is never found again.光阴一去不复返。
Think twice before acting.三思而后行。
It is an equal failing to trust everybody， and to trust nobody.
Clean your finger，before you point at my spots.
The darkest hour is that before the dawn.
Beggars cannot be choosers.
Each year one vicious habit rooted out，in time minght make the worst man good throughout.
Difficulties strengthen the mind， as labour does the body.
Who judges best of a man，his enemies or himself?
If you trust before you try， you may repent before you die.
If thou wouldest live long，live well;for folly and wickedness shorten life.
To an optimist every change is a change for the better.
Though malice may darken truth，it cannot put it out.
A true great man will neither trample on a worm，nor sneak to an emperpor.
All things are difficult before they are easy.
Goals determine what you are going to be.
If you do what you should not，you must hear what you would not.
We soon believe what we desire.
One cannot eat one’s cake and have it.
A true great man will neither trample on a worm，nor sneak to an emperpor.
Better late than never. 
Truth's best ornament is nakedness.
The secret of success is constancy of purpose.
The truths we least like to hear are those which it is most to our advantage to know.
If thou wouldest live long，live well;for folly and wickedness shorten life.
Truth will prevail.
While there is life， there is hope.
Early to bed and early to rise， makes a man healthy， wealthy， and wise.
A quite conscience sleeps in thunder，but rest and guilt live far adunder.
From small beginnings es great things. 
Follow your own course， and let people talk.
A candle lights others and consumes itself.
Love rules his kingdom without a sword.
Saying and doing are two different things.
Never put off until tomorrow what may be done today.
The longest day has an end.
Virtue and happiness are mother and daugher.
Diamond cuts diamond.
Suspicion is the poison of friendship.
He that can bear a reproof，and mend by it，if he is not wise，is in a fair way of being so.
A false tongue will hardly speak truth.
You may be too cunning for one，but not for all.
Be just to all，but trust not all.
Something attempted，something done.
Confidence is a plant of slow growth.
Who has deceiv'd thee so oft as thy self?
Truth and roses have thorns about them.
Each year one vicious habit rooted out，in time minght make the worst man good throughout. 
Initiative is doing the right thing without being told.